# Deep-Learning-Final-Proyect
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Artificial Intelligence nowadays plays a big role in the process of simplification of
everything we do, this goes by learning these activities (man, machine, events) and creating algorithms to replicate scenarios with technology, with key objectives being to simplify processes.

Music (Audio) is one activity that has so much enjoyed Artificial Intelligence Benefits, because of so many players and types of music that exist in the world and it has become necessary that they are handled optimally in order to ease and simplify consumer’s use; This requires appropriate processing.

The act of audio processing requires focus on computational methods to intentionally alter sounds and can be done using python as will be shown in the code. To be as time efficient as possible the use of both machine learning and deep learning algorithms to analyze the audio files and proceed to proper classification as per genre. Music Genre Classification is the process of grouping and giving categories that identifies different pieces of music. It allows us to listen to music with similar tunes and allocate them in their individual groups

With so much music that the world has access to, it is important to have a simple and coordinated way to group them together in different kinds in order to ease their distribution; Players in this sector use appropriate applications to handle above mentioned complex task; for Apple music and Spotify uses machine learning algorithms at their core to be able to attend to the user’s needs while companies such as Shazam use it to identify the song that is being played out loud. K-Nearest Neighbor(KNN) is a data classification method for estimating the likelihood that a data point will become a member of one group or another based on what group the data point nearest to it belongs to. It is one of the supervised machine learning algorithms used to solve this classification of audio files. By selecting the sounds that are closest to their feature vectors, groups are formed from the dataset that was added by python. The training is minimal compared to that of the convolutional neural networks (CNN) The spectrogram showcases the visualization of the data. By making it into a sound wave, the comparison of different ones allows for different categories to be made from it. Thus, allowing to train convolutional neural networks. The CNN uses five convolution layers that act as a filter to extract the features necessary from the dataset. Making it retain a pattern to find out what genre a sound is for future dataset added in training.

World and life simplification has been made easy through Artificial Intelligence, requiring real process learning and appropriate algorithm creation with programming applications such as Python and more.; the good demonstration being the real life application of these by Apple, Spotify, Shazam, KNN and CNN. Music being one of millions of cases, many real life activities would be worth going through the same AI process to enable more and more simplification, competitiveness and easy accessibility.
